Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
♪ Hold my hand
'til the courage sticks ♪
♪ Shine the light
♪ 'Til the darkness lifts
♪
♪ Hold me up
so I don't look weak ♪
♪ Soon I'll stand
♪ On my own two feet
♪ Woo
♪
♪ Oh. but don't stop
♪ I need you to hold me up
♪ Don't break
♪ I need you
to hold the weight ♪
♪ Don't fade
♪ I need you to light the way
Okay. give it a shot.
From the moment we met.
I knew you'd be the one.
You make me feel whole.
I want to spend the rest
of my life with you.
[breathing deeply]
Will you marry me?
[laughing]
It's perfect.
Do it just like that.
You think she'll say yes?
The way that
you talk about Elaine.
you two are gonna be so happy.
- [sighing]
- [laughing]
Well. it really is
a beautiful ring.
It's perfect for her.
Subtle. yet unique.
She's going to see how much work
you put into designing it.
You designed it.
I just went off
what you told me.
You did the hard part.
Oh. well. it's even better
than I expected.
[laughing]
You're gonna have
to let me know how it goes.
I want to see you two
up on my wall.
I'll send you a picture
if she says yes.
Perfect.
Good luck!
Oh. thanks.
I couldn't have done it
without you.
Bye.
Anthony: Another happy customer?
It's what I do.
You think she'll still say yes?
How could she not?
Did you see that face?
That's love.
You always think
they're gonna say yes.
What can I say?
I'm an optimist.
And. I will remind you.
I have not had one of my rings
returned in months.
Okay. you may design the rings.
but I'm the one
who has to sell them.
And when a guy walks in here
and he thinks a carat
is the orange stick that
comes with his buffalo wings.
finding him a ring that his
girlfriend will actually like
isn't exactly easy.
Okay. we would not
function without you.
- Thank you.
- Vicki: Are you two fighting?
- Not anymore.
- We never were.
[laughing]
Vicki. as my protégé.
would you say that it is harder
to design rings or to sell them?
Oh. designing. For sure.
She's only saying that
because you're her boss.
She's saying that because
she knows I value honesty.
I always thought it'd be
amazing to be a designer.
Whoa. whoa. hey! A designer?
I am hurt.
I would love to see
some of your designs sometime.
Oh. don't get too excited.
I am nowhere close
to your standard.
I mean. who is?
Kate's in a league of her own.
Look at all these
happy couples on the wall.
It's just like anything else.
You put in the time
and the hard work.
you'll get better.
But. I'm serious.
I'd love you
to show me some sketches.
I'll tell you what I think.
That would be amazing.
I am not ready to be
outnumbered by the two of you.
Oh. well. do you want me
hire you a sales associate
to be your friend. Anthony?
Okay. but I would
get to be head salesman.
- Of course.
- Yep.
I have to go.
Oh. where are you off to?
I promised Judy I would help
plan her 30th birthday party.
- Tell Judy I say "Hi."
- I will.
Radio Announcer:
It's another scorcher
in Minneapolis this afternoon.
with temperatures well into the
90's as the heatwave continues.
So make sure you're drinking
plenty of water. and ideally.
find some air conditioning.
In sports news...
♪
Hey!
- Hey!
- You ready?
I think so?
[sighing]
- Judy: Kate?
- Hey. Jude.
Judy: Be down in a sec!
Okay! Here it is.
It should fit perfectly.
I sized it myself.
[sighing happily]
It looks even better
than it did in the shop.
It's perfect for her.
She's gonna love it.
I hope so.
Hey. just relax.
Be yourself.
You're gonna do great.
Hey there.
Hey. You ready to
plan this party?
Let's do it.
Okay. so that
takes care of music.
Uh. and Mom said
she'd take care of the cake.
Right. did she say
where she's getting it?
I don't think so.
But she's coming
to dinner so you can ask her.
Okay.
Ben: Does your mom know
you don't like chocolate?
She's my mom. Ben.
Of course she knows.
- I'll remind her.
- Thank you.
So what are you thinking
for other food?
Oh. I don't know.
We could just order some pizzas.
You're not turning 10
at the roller rink.
No. no.
I'll get someone to cater.
I don't know how
you manage to do it all:
run a successful business.
design all those rings.
and still help me plan my party.
It's your 30th birthday party.
It needs to be special.
- You're amazing.
- Yes. I am.
[both laughing]
Okay. let's talk
about the theme.
How do you feel about tropical?
- Oh.
- Right?
- Oh. nice.
- Yeah.
♪
So. how's everything going
at Tokens of Love?
It's going good.
It's going really good actually.
That's amazing.
Yeah. we've been so busy
I think we might need to hire
someone to help Anthony out.
I love that.
I don't know how
he's gonna feel about that.
Oh. I love that colour.
Tamara: You should go try it on.
- You think?
- You don't?
It's not really my style. is it?
Styles change.
Come on.
♪
- Kate: Ready?
- Come out.
What do you think?
Kate. you're a babe.
Oh. I don't know.
[laughing]
You're a knockout.
Seriously.
Where am I gonna wear this?
I never go anywhere.
To Judy's birthday party.
You don't think
it's a bit too much?
- For a party?
- It's not my party.
So?
So. I don't want to look like
I'm trying to upstage her
or anything.
Are you being serious?
Buy the dress.
It looks great!
Fine.
What?
You promise
you won't say anything?
I've been keeping your secrets
safe since first grade.
Ben is going to propose to Judy.
- Oh. what?
- At her birthday.
That's so exciting!
Is he freaking out?
He's keeping it
together for now.
I helped him design
the wedding ring of course.
I'm gonna take it. Thank you.
He keeps calling me
to practise the proposal.
Aw. I would expect nothing less.
- So what's wrong?
- Nothing.
Okay. Something is
obviously wrong.
No. I'm happy for her.
But?
She's my little sister.
And you thought you'd be
getting married first?
No. I mean. not necessarily.
Maybe I thought I would be
a little bit
farther along by now.
It'll happen.
Maybe you have to
get more proactive.
I've had relationships.
It's just every time
they start to get serious.
something just
doesn't feel right.
Well. what do you think
is going wrong?
Maybe I'm too focused on work.
Maybe I need to stop focusing on
other people's relationships
and start focusing on my own.
You're Kate Sterling.
Once you put your mind
to something. you do it.
Yeah. but that's
not how relationships work.
You gotta wait for the universe
to send you something.
No. you don't. Do what I do.
Go to singles events.
Download some dating apps.
Give the universe a push
in the right direction.
I forgot about you
and your dating apps.
How many are you on now?
Six or seven.
I don't like to
limit my possibilities.
I would never
be able to do that.
That's like
a full-time job in itself.
You don't need all of them.
You just need to join one.
I've tried online dating.
It's too awkward.
And... and... awkward.
[both laughing]
It's just a starting place
to get yourself out there.
Well. joke all you want. but I
believe true love is out there.
Whatever you say.
- I'm starving.
- Let's eat.
Yes. please.
Before you shut
the idea down entirely.
can I just show you
one of my apps?
- You won't quit. will you?
- It's amazing.
It's my dating secret weapon.
Should dating
really involve weapons?
This is "Just Drinks".
I told you.
I've tried online dating.
Not like this.
It's casual.
- It's fun.
- Tamara!
Don't you want to bring
a date to Judy's party?
Of course I do. but
I'd rather go by myself
than bring some random guy
who could
turn out to be a disaster.
You say that now. but.
what about the wedding?
Are you gonna go
to that alone too?
I promise if we get
close to the wedding
and I haven't met anyone
I'll give it a shot.
Ooh. deal.
♪
All right. thank you.
Have a good day.
- Hey. how's it going here?
- Busy.
This is the first
lull we've had.
Well. that's good.
Anthony: And you had a visitor.
- Who?
- A gentleman.
A hot gentleman.
A hot gentleman
came to visit me?
He asked for you specifically.
We said you were out.
So he left you
his token of love.
- Jamie?
- You know him?
I did. He was my
first boyfriend.
- What?
- In eighth grade.
And then he moved away
and broke my tween heart.
- And now he's back.
- Looks like it.
And he came to find you
after all this time?
Maybe he finally
wants to apologize
for not taking me to prom.
Still. it's kind of romantic.
Oh. we were just kids.
But it would be fun to catch up.
Oh. right. 'cause
he's the one who got away.
Yeah. after he moved.
I spent a week watching romcoms
and crying into a carton
of mint chocolate chip.
- [laughing]
- What do you think he wants?
I won't know 'til I call him.
You guys okay out here?
Yeah. sure.
You're gonna call him right now?
Yeah.
Well. I thought you were always
supposed to wait a while
so you don't seem too eager.
Oh. I don't do that whole
"playing hard to get thing."
And also.
maybe it's about work.
We have been
speculating for an hour.
Please call him
and put us out of our misery.
See. what kind of boss
would I be if I left
my employees speculating?
Thank you.
What?
♪
[phone ringing]
- Jamie: Hello?
- Hi.
Um... this is Kate Sterling.
Jamie: Kate!
Hey. it's Jamie Coleman.
The same Jamie Coleman
who rescued me outside a dance
in 8th grade?
[laughing] Yeah. I wasn't sure
you'd remember me.
Kate: [laughing] Of course.
How could I forget?
I'm surprised to hear
from you after all this time.
Surprised in a good way. right?
Kate: [laughing]
Of course!
I'm glad to hear it.
Uh. so I was just wondering
if I could take you out
for a coffee sometime.
- For coffee?
- Yeah. if you're free.
Um...yeah.
Are you looking for a ring?
No. no. no.
I'm not a customer.
I was just hoping
I could talk to you.
Okay. um. yeah.
that sounds great.
Jamie: All right. what's
your schedule like tomorrow?
I could probably
sneak away for a little bit.
Maybe around 10:00?
Perfect.
All right. there's this
great place close by.
I'll text you the address.
Jamie: All right.
sounds like a plan.
Okay. bye.
And?
He said he wants
to grab a coffee.
Coffee's great. It's casual.
- There's potential for more.
- Wait.
Did he say "grab coffee."
or "buy you coffee"?
Does it matter?
"Grab coffee"
is like old friends.
"Buy you coffee."
that's more of a date.
[laughing]
He said
"take you out for a coffee."
Definitely closer
towards a date territory.
Okay. I'm realizing that
I should've been more careful
about my choice of words
with women.
[laughing] No.
I haven't seen this guy
in 19 years.
It is not a date.
Okay. What else did he say?
- [door opening]
- Uh. can you come back. please?
- We're in a meeting.
- No. we are not.
- You are not the boss.
- Am I not the boss?
You're not the boss.
Can I be the boss
when you go on your date?
[whispering angrily] Go and help
the customer.
Whatever you say. boss.
Uh. sir. what can I get for you?
♪
- [laughing]
- Hey!
I wasn't sure
you'd recognize me.
Couldn't miss you.
Just... here.
Have a seat.
[both laughing]
This is a really nice place.
Yeah. it's great.
I come here way too much.
So what have you been up to?
[laughing]
In the last 19 years?
- Yeah.
- Um... a lot. I guess.
- Of course.
- [laughing]
- Well. I went to art school.
- Oh. that's perfect for you.
Yeah. it was.
I loved every minute of it.
I took this jewelry design
course. and it made me realize
this is exactly
what I want to be doing.
- And now you're doin' it.
- Yeah.
- That's impressive.
- Well. thank you.
After I graduated.
I started working for this. um.
for this local jeweller
and she made mostly earrings and
broaches and stuff like that.
but...
I started off
as a sales associate.
She took me under her wing
and really taught me
how to get my feet wet.
I wouldn't have my own
place if it wasn't for her.
I mean. I like to do
other stuff as well.
but. these rings.
they change people's lives.
They can completely transform
relationships. you know?
And there's just
something so special
about when the whole proposal
just goes so perfectly
and you know you played
a small part in it.
I can imagine.
It's why I like to do
the one of a kind stuff.
Each couple is unique.
So don't you think the rings
should be unique as well?
I'm sorry. [laughing]
I sound like
a commercial right now.
No. no.
I think it's beautiful. no.
So. what about you?
How has life been
since you moved?
Hm. well. it was
pretty rough in the beginning.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I mean. I was so angry
at my parents
I didn't talk to them for weeks.
Yeah?
Yeah. they moved me away
from all my friends.
I thought you would move away
and forget all about us.
- Where did you go again?
- Chicago.
- I'm still there. actually.
- You like it?
Yeah. it's not bad.
I mean. I definitely
didn't forget about
all my friends back home.
Did you forget about me?
After you moved away
and broke my heart?
No. of course not.
[laughing]
Why didn't you ever call?
Well. I figured
you went to high school.
you became a cheerleader.
you started dating
the quarterback.
I definitely never dated
a football player.
- Not yet.
- [laughing]
But after high school.
You're dating a quarterback
right now. aren't you?
No. no football players. no.
No one for that matter.
Hm. well. there's nothing wrong
with the single life.
I mean. I'm livin' it right now.
Yeah? No cheerleaders?
- Hm. not at the moment.
- Oh.
[laughing]
- So I wanted to--
- This might seem--
- Sorry.
- You go first.
This may seem completely
out of the blue.
and please feel free to say no.
But. my sister Judy is having
a birthday party this weekend
and I thought.
if you're still in town.
maybe you'd like to go with me.
Oh.
You know what?
No pressure at all. really.
No. no. actually.
I'm in town 'til Sunday.
so that could work perfectly.
Yeah. that's. that's perfect.
- Great.
Great.
So what were you gonna say?
Well. what brings me to town
is I'm actually here doing
some employment consulting.
Oh. you are employment
consulting here?
I am.
You ever heard
of Shoreline Jewelers?
Yeah. sure. they're
the mass-produced.
soulless version
of Tokens of Love.
Right. so they have. uh. they've
hired me to scout out this area
to find someone
to run their new division.
It's gonna be focused on
the one of a kind market.
Someone to oversee designers.
work with customers directly.
and design unique rings.
Basically what I do.
but bigger and nationwide.
Exactly.
Which is why I was going
to recommend you.
Wait. So. he came
to offer you a job?
Apparently.
And for Shoreline Jewelers.
Which is bad?
Yeah. they're just.
they're so mass produced.
It's like they churn out
these engagement rings
Right! Which is bad?
He used to be so sensitive.
And now he's working
for Shoreline Jewelers.
But he doesn't actually
work for them. right?
They just hired him
as a head hunter.
A head hunter for them.
Which is bad!
Can you just take this
a little bit seriously?
What are you so worried about?
You say
"Thanks. but. no. thanks."
and go your separate ways.
I have not told you
the best part.
Oh. This should be good.
He told me all of this
after I invited him
to Judy's birthday party.
- What?
- And he accepted.
- Yeah.
Woo. okay!
So now.
you're bringing this dude
that works for a company
that you hate.
that came to town.
to offer you a job.
to Judy's party?
- Yes.
- [laughing]
- That's hilarious.
- No. no. no!
What happened
to taking this seriously?
Wait.
And you did all of this to avoid
bringing some random guy that
might turn out to be a disaster?
Just. please...
Why don't you just
un-invite him?
- No. I can't do that.
- Why not?
- Because it would be rude.
- So?
What?
Kate Angela Sterling.
you like him.
- No. I don't!
- Yes. you do!
The only reason why
you're going through with this
is because you actually want
to spend more time with him.
Yes. I enjoyed talking to him.
And I would like to talk
to him again. but that's it.
- This is awesome.
- It doesn't even matter anyway.
Because I'm gonna tell him
I don't want the job.
He's gonna go back to Chicago
to his big fancy life.
and we're never gonna
see each other again.
I can solve this problem.
This is what you should do.
What?
Pretend like you're thinking
about taking the job.
What?
You'll have to talk to him
a few more times.
Maybe get dinner.
No. no. no.
I'm not gonna do that.
Fine. but I don't wanna hear
about it when he's on that plane
back to Chicago.
[breathing angrily]
Hey. Patricia.
Yeah. things are going
really great here.
I'm actually right about
to meet up with her again.
I think she might
really be interested.
Right.
Okay. well. I'll keep you
updated on how it goes.
but I'm feeling optimistic.
Go enjoy your party.
No. I want to see
what he looks like now.
He basically
looks the same. just taller.
He's probably
not even gonna come.
Okay. Miss Negativity.
You look amazing. by the way.
Trying to impress someone?
I am going to go mingle.
If he shows up. then fine.
Oh. my God.
There he is.
Oh. he's way cuter
than I remember.
- Stop staring.
- He really grew into his ears.
- Judy!
- What?
Oh. just pretend I
said something really funny.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
[both laughing]
- Thank you.
- Judy.
- Hey.
- Happy birthday.
Oh. you didn't
have to get me anything.
Come on.
You haven't seen me
for 19 years.
You let me invade your party?
I had to get you something.
Except I don't know
what you like.
So my cousin runs
this amazing restaurant in town.
and I thought
you and Ben could go out there
for dinner sometime.
That's so thoughtful.
Thank you.
My pleasure.
♪
Okay. so there's
hors d'oeuvres. and drinks.
Uh. we're gonna cut cake
in about an hour.
I should probably go mingle.
Hey. so what were
you and Judy laughing about?
She said
you grew into your ears.
- Oh. I did.
- [laughing]
- That's good to know.
- [both laughing]
That's a great dress.
by the way.
Thank you.
It's a new dress.
No soda stain this time.
That was a long time ago.
- You wanna go get some food?
- Yeah. lead the way.
I found the watermelon.
- It's delicious.
- Yeah. there's um. uh...
This is lamb. right?
A little bit
of chutney in there.
Yeah. you think it wouldn't work
with the whole
puff pastry thing.
but it's actually awesome.
You get a lot of catered lunches
at that fancy job of yours?
What?
You have a very
sophisticated palate.
No. no. I didn't get
that from work.
I actually.
I went to culinary school.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Well. so. why aren't you a chef?
Why are you
employment consulting?
- Is that--
- Head hunting?
Right.
Well. actually.
I just kind of fell into it.
I used to work
at this Italian restaurant.
The owner moved.
The place closed.
Um. I wanted to open up my own
place. so I went back to school
to get my MBA. took this job
to pay off my student loans.
and then a year turned into
a decade. and here we are.
That's too bad.
Yeah. I still fantasize
about it. you know?
- Openin' up my own place.
- You could do it.
Just quit your job tomorrow.
Yeah. I guess.
I mean technically I could.
But. what day am I gonna
pick to be my last day?
You know. what's it gonna take
for me to walk out that door?
- Yeah. it's rough.
- How'd you do it?
How'd you start
your own business?
Oh. I don't know.
You see the risks
and you go for it anyways.
There's no guarantee
that it's gonna work out.
but you put your head down
and you just
keep pushing forward.
Well. you make it
sound so simple.
I'm not gonna lie.
There were many days
that I came home crying
into my sister's arms
about what a failure I am.
but. you get through it.
So step one? Get a sister.
See? You're gonna have
a restaurant in no time.
Well. thank you
for the great advice.
Well. I look forward
to hearing all about it.
Ben: Hi. everyone.
Can I please have your attention
for just a moment?
As you all know. today is
my beautiful girlfriend
Judy's birthday.
But what she doesn't know
is that today's a special day
for another reason.
Today's the day
that I ask this beautiful.
smart. hilarious woman
a very important question.
[Judy gasping]
Judy Sterling.
will you marry me?
Yes. Yeah.
[applauding]
[crying]
[laughing]
You know that was gonna happen?
Who do you think
designed the ring?
I told you there's something
special about proposals.
Yeah. I think
I'm startin' to get it.
- Congrats!
- Oh. it's perfect.
- Thank you!
- It was all Ben.
He knew exactly
what you would want.
But you made it.
And you kept it a secret.
How did you manage
to keep it a secret?
I have a very good poker face.
- Congrats. Judy.
- Thank you.
Oh. it's the best birthday ever.
Kate: It's not over.
You should be showing
that off to all of your guests.
Oh. excellent suggestion.
But I don't want
you guys to just stand here.
Go dance.
[laughing]
♪
Shall we?
[both laughing]
Oh. you don't have to do that.
It's the least I can do.
Great party by the way.
- Ben: Here. I'll grab that.
- Kate: It really was. Jude.
Better than anyone
was expecting.
Including me.
[laughing]
- Jamie: Congrats again. Judy.
- Thanks.
- Jamie: You too.
- Ben: Thanks. man.
Judy: Thanks. guys.
Well. I have
an early flight tomorrow.
So. I'd better take off.
Well. thanks for coming.
I had a really good time.
Yeah. me too.
Don't even worry
about the job offer.
I'll just tell them
you're not interested.
I'm not interested in the job.
but I wouldn't mind
talking to you again sometime.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Great.
Then we'll talk soon.
Okay. I guess we'll talk soon.
- Safe flight.
- You too.
[both laughing]
- You know what I mean.
- I do.
- Yeah. I do. yeah.
- Bye.
♪
Tamara: This is Brad.
- He's cute.
- Cute?
Do you see that jawline?
I mean. he's really cut?
He's a god.
So are you guys gonna meet?
We're supposed to go
to a movie tomorrow.
Oh. that's fun.
Yeah. we don't exactly
have a lot in common.
so I figure it's best
if we don't have to talk.
Why are you meeting with him
if you have nothing in common?
Um. hello?
Look at the jawline.
[laughing]
Whatever makes you happy.
But that sounds like
my idea of a nightmare.
Being forced to sit next to
a hot guy and hold his hand
while you eat popcorn?
Going on a date with someone
that you barely know
and possibly
have nothing in common with?
Kate's always been more
about personality than looks.
[laughing]
I see.
She likes shared history
and deep conversations.
Yes. and there is
nothing wrong with that.
Except that it's hard to find.
Good thing you got
Jamie to talk to. right?
What? So that's progressing?
Let's just say
the party went well.
I saw them dancing.
Oh. you've gotta
give me more than that.
It went really well.
So you spent
a few hours berating him
for his career choices
and found a love connection?
[laughing]
No. I didn't berate him!
And also. he doesn't even
really care about his job.
He wants to be a chef.
Great.
So when's he cooking for you?
The next time
he gets on a plane.
He lives in Chicago.
So?
So that's hundreds
of miles away.
Judy: Well. he managed
to make the trip before.
All you have to do is be clear
that you want him
to do it again.
I am gonna
take things slow. okay?
Just trust me.
I know what I'm doing.
♪
[phone ringing]
Hello?
[repressing cheering]
You do know that I can see you?
- Hi.
- Hi. [laughing]
- It's Jamie.
- Yes. I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm really excited
to talk to you.
You are?
Yeah. I mean. I guess
I shouldn't say that though.
because I'm supposed
to be cool guy.
You know. playin' it cool?
Well. I was never
really a big fan
of guys trying to play it cool.
Well. that's good.
Because I am not cool.
Kate: What?
What I mean. you know.
I'm like a real guy.
- Yes. you are.
- Jamie: I'm cool?
Oh. thank you. [laughing]
- I'm kidding.
- Ouch!
[laughing]
We've been talking forever.
I'm starving.
Jamie: Yeah. me too.
You know?
I think eighth grade
was actually my favourite year.
I know right?
Lasagna or chilli?
Ooh. I would kill
for some lasagna right now.
- Lasagna it is.
- Kate: It wasn't all great.
I was awkward.
but so was everyone else.
That's a fact.
That's when I felt like I was
just starting
to grow up. you know?
It's when I got into
art. design.
Jamie: Yeah.
that's when I started
to really get into cooking.
What. hot dogs?
For real.
My grandma was Italian.
She used to stay
with us most nights.
and she would
make me cook with her.
Kate: Oh. that's sweet.
[microwave beeping]
Oh!
- Chinese food and pizza?
- Asian-European fusion.
Jamie: [laughing]
Okay. well that's different.
Go on.
Well. there were things
I was doin' in eighth grade
that I just knew I would be
doin' for the rest of my life.
Things I was learning.
People I was meeting.
Anyone in particular?
Jamie: Yeah.
You.
Really?
You knew I was important?
I had a feeling.
Kate? K-Kate!
What are you doing out here?
Come back to the dance.
- I can't.
- Why not?
Young Kate: Derek bumped
into me.
Young Jamie: So?
You know what. Kate?
It's not that bad.
- Yes. it is.
- No one will notice.
- Everyone's busy dancing.
- I just wanna
stay out here. okay?
Then I'll
stay out here with you.
Why?
I was kind of hoping I would
get to dance with you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I'm not a good dancer.
- Me neither.
But there's no one
out here to see us.
- [laughing]
- May I have this dance?
Okay.
Kate Sterling.
do you wanna be my girlfriend?
Okay.
Can we dance some more?
So. what do we do now?
Young Jamie: I don't know.
We hold hands and kiss
and stuff?
So are you going to kiss me?
Okay.
Young Jamie: I think it gets
better with practise.
No. it's just...
I thought
you were important too.
So. the first time
you kissed me.
you said it would
get better with practise.
No. no. no.
I said the more we practise.
the better we'll get!
[laughing] Come on.
It's funny.
So. something
I wanted to ask you.
How does it feel running
your own business?
It alternates between
gratifying and very scary.
It goes between the two.
Jamie: Well. you've been running
it for a couple years now.
You must be doing pretty well.
It took a while
to make it profitable.
You know. I've always dreamed
of owning my own place.
Kate: You mentioned that
at the party.
Yeah.
- What kind?
- Jamie: Italian.
My grandma used to make these
amazing raviolis. and breads.
and these homemade cannolis.
Have you ever had a homemade
cannoli right out of the oven?
Kate: No.
It's like nothing
you've ever tasted before.
I wanna share that with people.
- Will you cook for me sometime?
- Jamie: Whenever you want.
When we're in the same city.
Deal.
♪
Kate: Well. thank you
for a wonderful evening.
Yeah. we'll have to do it
again sometime for real.
Kate: It's a date!
[grunting]
We've been talkin' all night.
- Well. I guess we should--
- [both laughing]
I'd better get goin'.
I gotta work tomorrow.
- Kate: Yeah. me too.
- Guess I'll go get some sleep.
- Kate: Yes. that's a good idea.
- Night. Kate.
Kate: Goodnight. Jamie.
[phone ringing]
That was fast.
- Kate: Sorry.
- [laughing]
- Kate: One more thing.
- Shoot.
I was thinking maybe
I would like to hear
a little more about this job.
Jamie: Really?
Can't hurt to hear
what they have to say. right?
No. it can't.
Okay then.
Good night.
[repressing cheering]
[laughing]
I can still see you.
- Night. Kate.
- Goodnight.
♪
Tamara: So when Louis saw me
sitting with Brad he said.
and I swear.
this is actually what he said.
"Is that your brother?"
I almost died.
- [phone buzzing]
- That's so funny.
Funny? I was mortified.
And then Brad gave me this look
like. "What's he talking about?"
And I just sit there
through the entire movie
trying to figure out
how I was gonna explain it.
- [texts clicking]
- Crazy.
Hello? Kate? Not trying
to be needy here.
but I'm kinda sensing
you're not actually listening.
[phone chiming]
Tamara: I managed to get dumped
by two guys in one night
and you can't even
look up long enough
to hear about my tragically
hilarious escapades?
What?
Who are you texting?
I'm sorry.
I-I've been talking
to Jamie a lot.
- Uh-huh?
- Like a lot a lot.
What does that mean?
Basically we talked
all night last night.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
Wow!
Okay. but now.
we're talking about you
and I'm putting my phone away
Actually. suddenly
I'd love to hear more about
what's going on with you.
- Really?
- Tamara: Yes!
Okay. So...
Kate. Vicki. have either of you
seen that ring for Mr. Franks?
It should be over there
on the display table.
- Where's Vicki?
- Kate: Dentist.
She should be back
in about an hour.
You should grab that ring.
Mr. Franks
is gonna be here any minute.
- Thank you so much.
- [phone buzzing]
Let us know how it goes.
Well. it's not like you
to be texting at work.
[sighing] It's nothing.
[yawning]
Oh. was that a big night?
What?
Well. you've been
yawning all morning.
And we're packed.
so I know you're not bored.
[sighing]
So. I was up late.
On a phone call.
Hm. and who were you
talkin' to this time?
No one.
Kate Sterling. were you up all
night on the phone with a boy?
That is none of your business.
No. you have been
acting weird for too long.
Tell me who you were talkin' to.
- No.
- I'm gonna get it out of you.
- I got all day.
- [door opening]
Hey!
Cynth. what are you doing here?
I was just in the neighbourhood.
I thought I'd come by.
- Kate: Oh. look at you.
- Cynthia: Oh. I know.
- Anthony: Come get a seat.
- I'm massive.
No. you look amazing.
So how much longer?
- Two weeks.
- That is so soon!
Yeah. she is a rock star.
I'm freakin' out.
Aw. he's amazing.
He was practising putting
a diaper on a cantaloupe
the other day.
Really?
Well. I'm not gonna wait until
there's a baby in front of me
to learn.
Mm. see?
You're gonna make a great dad.
If I don't die of anxiety
before that.
Shouldn't you be the one
with the anxiety
You'd think. [laughing]
I can't wait
to meet the new baby.
You gonna have
to come by here all the time.
Isn't that gonna be
a bit distracting?
Are you kidding?
A new family member?
I know Vicki said that
she would babysit anytime.
I would also like to offer that.
This store
is really something special.
I don't think Anthony's
clicked with his coworkers
like he has here.
Well. it's all thanks to Kate.
The feeling is mutual.
I don't know what we'd
do without you or Vicki.
But I have some stuff
to take care of in the back.
- So--
- Hang on!
You're not gettin' out of
our conversation that easy.
What conversation?
Oh. Kate was just up all night
on the phone with some guy.
- It was not all night.
- Cynthia: Really?
- Is he cute?
- Yeah. what's his name?
His name is Jamie.
Oh. wait.
This is that guy?
Yes. it's that guy.
Okay. wait. wait.
Who's "that guy"?
Well. that guy is
her first boyfriend.
That is so sweet.
I haven't seen him in 19 years.
And he just came by to catch up?
Well. he actually
he came into town for work.
But then we ended up
hitting it off.
Wait. wait.
Um. he came for work?
You didn't say it was for work.
Okay. you promise
you won't freak out?
No.
He works as a hiring consultant
for Shoreline Jewelers.
What?
Is that bad?
Shoreline Jewelers is the worst.
What did he want?
It doesn't even matter.
because I said "No."
So they made you an offer then?
No. not officially.
They're opening up
a new custom orders division
and they wanted me to run it.
- And you said "No?"
- I-I'm going to.
You should at least
hear them out.
- What?
- You think so?
Wow. My own wife.
Babe. it doesn't necessarily
have to be a bad thing.
How would Kate not being here
be a good thing?
I would still own
Tokens of Love.
I just wouldn't be around
for the day-to-day stuff.
Yeah. See?
Yeah.
See?
Would it really be so bad
if someone had to take over
as the manager?
Well. when you put it that way.
Exactly.
At the very least. I'd like
to know what they're up to.
Just in case
we run into competition.
- Okay. but just
promise me that you're--
- [phone buzzing and ringing]
- not gonna get sucked into...
- Hello?
Jamie: You'll never
guess where I am right now.
- Kate: Where?
- You know. a phone call or...
Jamie: Turn around.
- [gasping]
- Surprise.
Oh! What are you doing here?
Well. I told Shoreline
that you're actually really
interested in taking the job.
They really want you
to come on board.
They want you
to come back to Chicago
to have a little chat
with corporate.
You flew all the way here
just to tell me that?
I could've done it
over the phone.
But I convinced them that
the personal touch was better.
and I wanted to see you.
- How long are you here for?
- A couple days.
Uh. sorry.
This is Anthony
and his wife. Cynthia.
Oh. Kate's esteemed employees!
Just him.
Oh. well. that's amazing.
You can come here and hang out
while he's workin'?
Yeah. Kate's always had
an open-door policy
when it comes to families.
Yes. we're all very close here.
We're a small operation.
but we really feel
that a personal touch
makes all the difference.
Well. I would expect
nothin' less.
Kate talks about
you guys all the time.
So. if you're free tonight.
can I take you out for dinner?
Oh. yeah. of course.
Okay. how 'bout
I pick you up around 7:00?
That's perfect.
Well. okay. I got
some stuff I gotta prep then.
- I'll let you get back to it.
- [laughing]
Great to meet you guys.
I can see why
you wanted to hear him out.
[knocking]
Hey! Come on in.
Wow. You look beautiful.
Oh. well thank you.
You don't look so bad yourself.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. it's pretty good.
- I clean up nice. don't I?
- [laughing]
So. do you need a refresher
of local restaurants or...
- I have a plan.
- Really?
Yep. Shall we?
We shall.
♪
Kate: I think
this place is closed.
Hey. I told you
I had a plan. okay?
Just trust me.
♪
Did you rent out
a whole restaurant?
Close.
Right this way. milady.
All right. you are gonna
need one of these.
- Which one?
- This one.
- Thank you. [laughing]
- That's special for you.
- Are we cooking our own dinner?
- Yeah.
I told you I'd make you
some of my food. didn't I?
How did you do all of this?
It's my cousin's place.
He owed me a favour.
Now. you wanna learn
how to make ravioli?
I do.
So...
- We start with this.
- Okay.
Then you wanna make
a little well here like that.
How's that look to you?
Uh. I mean. that looks perfect.
- Okay. see this right here?
- Yeah?
No. take a close look.
See this
little piece right here?
- [laughing] What are you doing?
- That's what you wanna do.
- Really?
- That was a tactic.
Okay. okay. so you just
kinda go like that. huh?
- Well. now we're into it.
- [laughing] You just go like?
- I won't do anything anymore.
- [yelling]
Oh?
Like that?
[laughing]
- No!
- [grunting]
♪
Let's get cleaned up.
A little thing
called kneading the dough.
Kneading?
I'll make it into
a special shape.
- It's a heart.
- Oh. that's sweet.
Get into a flow.
Don't overthink it.
- Kate: Okay. okay.
- There you go.
How do you know
when it's perfect?
- Wow.
- Thinning it out...
Yeah?
- A bit to make
the perfect ravioli.
- Ooh.
- All right.
- Jamie: Yeah. right there.
- Right here?
Yeah. right there.
All right.
Okay. so. take that?
A thing of beauty.
- Yes. it is.
- [grunting]
- Yours is better than mine.
- Kate: Perfect!
Work of art.
♪
Oh. my God. that's so good.
It's really good.
- It's good. huh?
- Yeah.
Told ya.
That was the best meal
I have ever had.
It was half you.
No. that's giving me
way too much credit.
No. no. I'm serious.
I make this all the time.
That was the best
it's ever been.
You added somethin'
a little special.
Well. thank you.
This was the best
date I've ever been on.
Really?
I'm not supposed
to say that. am I?
- I'm supposed to play it cool?
- Oh. come on. no.
I've never been a fan of
the ladies who play it cool.
Yeah?
What?
What?!
You got some flour
on your face still.
- Oh. where is it?
- Just...
- Here. you can get it.
- Do you mind?
- No. I don't mind.
- All right.
♪
What?
I just remembered
I have to fly home tomorrow.
- Yeah.
- It's unfair. you know?
I wanna do this every night.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
I-I love our phone calls.
Well. maybe we could
if I take the job in Chicago.
What about your shop?
Well. I would still
own Tokens of Love.
Anthony would just manage
the day-to-day stuff.
He would love that.
Wouldn't you miss it?
I think I need to be open
to new possibilities.
I mean. I love having my store.
but getting to work with
designers all over the country.
that's a huge opportunity.
I think I'm ready
for the next step.
Well. then. we should
get you a ticket to Chicago.
I think we should.
♪
[knocking]
Hello?
- Oh. hey!
- Hey.
Ooh. you've been busy.
It's nothing crazy.
I've just been
brainstorming a few ideas.
Well. we have time.
We haven't even set a date yet.
Which is perfect because
then there is no pressure.
Okay. [laughing]
So. I brought you something.
What is it?
The greatest ravioli you've
ever tasted in your life.
Ooh. looks delicious.
Where'd you get it?
- I made it.
- [laughing] No. seriously.
- I'm serious.
- You don't cook.
Well. it was kind of
a special occasion.
- I was on a date.
- You cooked for a date?
He taught me.
He's a chef.
Wait. Jamie?
- Yeah.
- I thought he left town.
He did.
And then he came back.
Why?
Officially. Shoreline Jewelers
asked him to come back to wine
and dine me a bit more in hopes
that I'll go work for them.
And unofficially?
Is this actually
turning into something?
- I think so.
- Wow.
We've only been on two dates.
And he lives
hundreds of miles away.
but. there's just something
about him that feels so right.
Him living in Chicago
wouldn't be a problem
if you move there too.
You know I would
miss you so much. but--
If I move to Chicago
it would be for the job.
It wouldn't be for Jamie.
But?
The idea of living
in the same city is appealing.
I went to Mom's yesterday.
You know how she never
throws anything away?
- Yeah.
- Well...
I found this.
I can't believe she kept this.
- Look how happy we were.
- I thought you'd like that.
I keep getting this feeling
that maybe this is why
none of my past relationships
have ever worked out.
Maybe it was supposed
to be Jamie all along.
[sighing]
Does that sound crazy?
No. That's definitely not crazy.
[tablet ringing]
- Jamie: Hey. there.
- Hi.
Jamie: So. did you get
the ticketing info I sent you?
I did.
I looks like you have
everything all planned out.
Everything
but the entertainment.
The entertainment?
Jamie: What do you think
about karaoke?
Absolutely
under no circumstances.
Okay. good.
I thought you'd say that.
So. I got us tickets
to this art museum.
There's a metalwork exhibit I
thought you'd really appreciate.
That sounds fantastic.
Jamie: So. how you feelin'
about the trip?
- I'm excited.
- Jamie: Really?
Yeah. I can't wait to see you.
And the job?
I'm excited about that too.
So this is for real?
You're not just pretending
to be excited about the job
so you can spend time with me?
Would that be so terrible?
Don't get me wrong.
I'm flattered.
I just want to make sure
that you moving here
is a real possibility
before I get my hopes up.
To be honest. I'm not a hundred
percent sold on the job.
I still have a lot of questions.
but I really am
gonna consider it.
Glad to hear it.
Wait.
What is that look?
What look?
Kate: You still don't
believe me. do you?
- Of course I believe you.
- I'm serious!
- I'm really considering it.
- And I think that's great.
- You're smiling.
- 'Cause I'm happy.
You are so annoying.
Oh. come on!
Me? Annoying?
I do find you annoying. yes.
I have to go.
Oh. come on!
You're gonna call me
annoying then hang up?
Now. is that the type of
insensitive and hurtful behavior
I can expect when you move here?
If you move here.
Guess you're just gonna have
to learn to live with it.
- I think I'll manage somehow.
- I think you will too.
Jamie: Well. I can't wait
to show you around Chicago.
I think you're gonna love it.
I can't wait either.
Okay. I really do have to go.
All right. well.
I will see you soon.
- Bye.
♪
[sighing]
No luck?
You know. at first I thought.
"Oh. he just doesn't know
what kind of ring
his girlfriend likes."
I got out half the case
for him to look at.
Turns out. the issue
is he's seeing two women
at the same time
and he's not sure
which one he wants
to propose to.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Oh. but looks like my day
just got a bit better.
Did you just bring us breakfast?
Well. it's only the best
for my esteemed employees.
- You're a saint.
- Where's Vicki?
Oh. she's in the back
doin' inventory.
- Uh. Vicki!
- Vicki: Yeah?
Our fearless leader is here
with reinforcements.
- Vicki: What?
- Reinforcements.
Oh. you didn't have to do that.
What's that?
I started working
on some sketches.
- Like you said.
- That's amazing.
They're just some rough ideas.
but maybe you could tell me
if I'm on the right track.
I would love to.
Is it okay if I do this
in a little bit?
Sure. No problem.
There's something I'd like to
talk to the two of you about.
- Yes?
- It's not a big deal.
But?
Next week. I'm gonna
go to Chicago to see
the Shoreline Jewelers
headquarters.
What? As a spy?
As a guest.
I decided I'm just
gonna hear their offer.
I thought you were
turning them down.
Well. I still might.
I just... I thought it can't
hurt to hear them out.
You're serious?
I know.
I know you guys are worried.
But I promise I'm not
gonna make any decisions
without talking
to the both of you first.
I thought you started this place
so you wouldn't have
to work at a big company.
You were the one
who talked about
how awful Shoreline Jewelers is.
We made fun of them.
I just. I wanna keep an open
mind.
Wow. okay.
Well. fine.
- Anthony?
- No.
You know what?
I'm gonna take an early lunch
'cause I'm not really
in the mood for bagels.
Fine. [sighing]
I'm sorry.
- He'll calm down.
- Maybe.
So...
Your sketches! Right!
You don't have to look at them
today if you're too busy.
No! I really want to.
Can you leave this with me and
I'll take a look in a little bit
and I'll let you know
what I think?
Great. Thanks.
Okay.
Well. I should probably
get back to inventory.
♪
So. everything okay
at the hotel?
Yeah. the hotel is great.
Thank you.
I'm glad you could
sneak away for lunch.
Well. you are in for a treat.
because I'm taking you
to my favourite lunch spot.
Ooh. sounds good.
Kate: So. burgers.
I thought you were
all about gourmet.
Sure. but good food
is good food.
And trust me.
This is the best burger
you will ever taste.
- It's the best burger?
- Yes.
Like the best ravioli
and the best cannoli?
[both laughing]
- Well. they are the best.
- I'm just teasing.
So. you excited
to see headquarters?
I am.
It's just
an office building. right?
Actually. it's really big.
There's a gym and a cafeteria
right in the building.
Oh. wow.
I wish we had
a parking lot at my store.
And you know what?
The cafeteria isn't bad.
On Wednesdays
they serve the best tacos.
Well. if they're the best.
that's great. because then you
could come have lunch with me.
- On Wednesdays definitely.
- [laughing]
Do you think
I'm gonna get my own office?
Or am I gonna be stuck
in a cubicle?
Someone as important as you?
Definitely an office.
- Oh.
- Ooh. here it comes.
Oh. wow.
Both: Thank you.
- Whew!
- Okay. come on.
- Have a bite.
- Okay. okay.
- Mm!
- Well?
That is definitely the best
burger I have ever tasted.
- I know. right?
- How do they do that?
I have no idea.
I've been comin' here
for three years.
They won't give me their secret.
I tried to reproduce it
at home. but no luck.
Which means there's
only one explanation.
- What's that?
- It's magic.
The chef's a wizard.
[laughing] That must be it.
Okay. so chalk one up
for Chicago.
- Best burger in the world.
- Best burger.
I'm not sure that that's
the criteria I'm looking at.
- But. it's a good start.
- Okay. fair enough.
So. is there something swaying
you one way or the other?
Well. there is someone
that I would be excited
to get to spend
some more time with.
Who is he?
Is it a guy?
Yeah. Doug. I met him. you know.
on the plane ride over here.
- Doug. huh?
- [laughing] No!
- You.
- [laughing]
- Okay. we have the burger.
- Mm-hm.
We have the tacos.
There's an incredible
job opportunity.
You're here.
What am I missing?
What is there
that Chicago has to offer me?
And not the touristy stuff.
I'm talking about.
like. the real deal.
What would
your perfect day look like?
- Am I not enough?
- [laughing] I told you.
You're very high up on the list.
- Okay. so the perfect day?
- Yeah.
Okay. I would start by taking
you to this little coffee shop
that I go to.
They have the best--
Really good lattes.
And. then I would go
for a walk along the water
if the weather's nice.
Okay.
And then grab the paper
and do the crossword.
Crossword? Wow.
So are you a bit of a word nerd?
Well. there's a lot about me
you don't know yet.
Oh. okay.
But after that. we'd go to the
farmer's market near my place.
grab a few things. and I'd
improvise us a little dinner
based on what they had.
That sounds pretty great.
actually.
And then if it's Sunday.
we'll watch the Bears game.
I will never be a Bears fan.
- We'll get you there.
- Go. Vikings.
Well. I'd wish you luck.
but I don't think you need it.
- You're not coming in?
- Hey. I got you here.
My job is done.
I gotta meet a client
in about an hour or so.
So I'll be with you in spirit.
- Okay.
- Call me when you're done.
I will.
Vicki: You don't actually think
she's going to
take the job. do you?
Of course she's
gonna take the job.
She's gonna abandon us
and work her way up to CEO.
and wear pant suits.
and buy a yacht.
I actually wanna know
what you think.
- Seriously?
- Yes.
I don't know.
She's Kate. you know?
She visited my mother
in the hospital.
She baked my wife
cupcakes for her birthday.
So she's gonna stay?
She also started her own
business single-handedly.
I mean. she's hardworking.
She's ambitious.
- There's no denying that.
- So she's gonna leave.
Well. she's... she's gonna
have a big decision
on her hands either way.
- Excuse me?
- Hey there.
Can I help you find something?
Yeah. I'm looking
for Patricia Long.
Patty's office
is just down there.
Although. she could be anywhere.
Oh. I think she's expecting me.
Wait. are you here about
that custom design project?
Yeah. Yeah. that's right.
- I'm Kate Sterling.
- Great to meet you.
I'm Dan.
You must have really
impressed the higher-ups.
Everyone's really
excited about it.
- Really?
- Oh. yeah.
Everyone's been
talking about it.
No pressure though.
This seems like
a great place to work.
- You like it here?
- I love it.
Listen. Don't get me wrong.
It's fast-paced.
You have to work hard
to try and keep up.
Don't expect
to go home at 5:00.
But. if you stick it out.
put in the time.
there's a lot of potential here.
That's good to know. Thank you.
Actually. if you have
some free time later.
I'd love to get your thoughts
on a new ring line
I'm sketching.
- Yeah. of course.
- Patricia: [laughing]
Oh. she just
walked through the door.
- Give her a minute to breathe.
- Dan: Sorry. Patty.
Kate. I'm so sorry
to keep you waiting.
No. of course not!
I hope Dan wasn't
scaring you off.
No. he was not.
Dan: I was just welcoming her
to the family.
Great.
Well. I'm glad to hear that.
Maybe later this afternoon.
you two could chat again?
- I would love that.
- Dan: I'd be happy to.
Wonderful.
So. Kate.
we can chat in my office.
- Kate: Okay.
- Come on.
I hope he didn't
come on too strong.
No. not at all.
[laughing] Dan is very. very
passionate about his job.
Everyone here is.
Yeah. I'm starting
to get that impression.
That's one reason I think
you'll fit right in.
Oh. well. thank you.
I hope so.
Based on what Jamie
has told us about you.
I have no doubts.
- This is me.
- Okay.
Vicki: I don't know why.
I have this weird feeling
that she's gonna leave.
Yeah. me too.
What are we gonna do
if she takes the job?
Well. we're gonna stick around
here and keep this place goin'
as best as we can.
It won't be the same.
Nah. we're
pretty capable people. right?
I mean. I'm probably
the best salesman
in the known universe.
and you have your...talents.
[Anthony laughing]
That's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
You know I think that
you're an extremely talented.
promising. capable.
young salesperson. right?
Really?
Which is why it wounds me
so deeply that you would just
cast that all aside
to become a designer.
[laughing] Well. you're just
gonna have to deal with me
being a double threat.
Touché.
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Cynthia: [screaming] My God!
- The baby's coming!
- Anthony: Oh. okay!
Okay. okay.
I'm comin' right now!
Uh. uh. Cynthia
just went into labour.
[gasping]
You're having a baby!
I'm having a baby!
- [both screaming and cheering]
- I'm having a baby!
- You're having a baby!
- I gotta go!
I gotta go!
[grunting]
Okay.
That's what we're doing.
All right.
I forgot my phone!
- Oh!
- I need my phone!
- You need a phone.
- Thank you!
Bye!
[Patricia clearing throat]
So. Kate. I just want you
to understand
that I did not ask you here
to sell you
on Shoreline Jewelers.
Okay.
I brought you here so that
you could see the place.
get a feel for it.
and decide for yourself
if this is right for you.
- That sounds great.
- Trust me.
Everyone here wants you
to be completely comfortable.
So. ask me anything.
[sighing] Okay.
- Um. how big is this place?
- Do you mean square footage?
No. how many. um. how many
employees do you have?
Five hundred or so in total.
but not everyone works here...
- Wow.
- ..at headquarters.
Look. why don't
we take a walk around?
I can show you more of the place
and introduce you
to some people?
- That sounds great.
- All right. great.
- This is Kate.
- Hello. hi. nice to meet you.
Kate: Do you know everyone?
Patricia:
We work in teams every day.
so no one gets lost
in the crowd.
- Is it always this busy?
- We work hard.
But we have our fair share
of birthdays and
weekend get-togethers.
- Yep. workin' super hard.
- He...look at this.
Would I have to work
in one of those cubicles?
Patricia: You would
have your own office.
but you would spend
a good deal of time
out meeting with clients.
You could make your own hours
for the most part
and have 10 or so designers
working under you.
Wow. that really is
a big opportunity.
- Patricia: Anything.
- Kate: It's you.
- Okay. well. good to meet you.
- [Patricia laughing]
- So. Kate. I'm sorry.
- What?
Those meatballs
were a bit saucy.
- It wasn't my best work.
- They were delicious.
No. I... I...
The polenta was amazing as well.
I am actually pretty proud
of the polenta.
[laughing] It was good.
I gotta get
serious for a minute.
You haven't talked about
the job all night.
You've been quiet about it.
How'd it go?
It was good. It was good.
- Yeah?
- For the most part.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- I would get my own office.
- Oh. that's cool.
I have my own office now.
but somehow there
it feels more important.
Okay. so you've got some pros.
What are the cons?
It's big.
It's really big.
I'm sure.
There's no way I would be able
to learn everyone's name.
It'd be a transition.
It's so fast-paced and busy.
Tokens of Love. it's hard.
but we're nowhere near
that level of intensity.
Well. that's not
necessarily a bad thing.
Sometimes a fast-paced
environment can be good.
That's true. but I'd miss those
moments in between customers
with Anthony and Vicki.
It would sort of feel like
I'm losing part of my family.
You wouldn't be losing them.
But you wouldn't
be able to see them as much.
It'll be tough to move.
I've lived there my whole life.
My family is there.
My friends are there.
Okay. so. try not
to think of it
like you're losing a family.
Try to think of it like
you're gaining a work family.
And you can keep in touch with
all the people you care about.
- Yep. everyone was really nice.
- See?
And they were
completely sold on me
from the minute I walked in.
I'm assuming
that was your doing.
My doing?
Yes.
I run a small jewelry store
hundreds of miles away.
No one would've known about me
if it wasn't for you.
So that's what you think?
It's okay.
I'm not insecure about it.
But it's true. isn't it?
Kate. Shoreline Jewelers gave me
a list of people to scout out
and your name was on it.
I didn't even know
you owned a jewelry shop
until I saw that.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's not like I just saw
your name and stopped looking.
No. I'm good at my job.
I did my research.
And you are legitimately
the best person for that job.
Thank you.
Kate. I'm not trying
to get you to take this job
just so you can come here
and spend more time with me.
Even though
that would be amazing.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
It's a nice perk.
More than anything.
I really think that
this is the best move for you
for your career.
It's an amazing opportunity.
You are so talented.
And I really think you need
to share that with the world.
I appreciate that. I do.
I just... I keep thinking
about what I'd be losing.
Anthony and Cynthia
having their baby.
and Vicki
starting out designing.
And. and Judy!
I wanna be around
when she starts her family.
Yeah. yeah. well.
that's a challenge.
But I'm also starting to see
what I would be missing
if I don't take the job.
- And what's that?
- You.
- I'm glad I made the list.
- You are the list.
I don't wanna leave tomorrow.
To be honest. I don't
want you to leave either.
I'll miss you.
I'm gonna miss you too.
You think
I should take the job?
I do.
What's most important
is what you think.
Every time I think
about moving here I get excited.
It's new people.
new possibilities.
I really think
I would regret it
if I didn't give it a shot.
So what are you tryin' to say?
You promise you're gonna show me
around and help me get a place?
Wait...
Because if I come here.
I'm gonna need a friend.
Hey. I'll be whatever you want.
I need to talk
to Anthony and Vicki first.
'cause I promised I wouldn't
make any decisions
without talking to them.
But. I think I'm gonna do it.
I think I'm gonna see how I like
working for a big corporation.
- Well. that's exciting!
- [both laughing]
I can't believe I'm gonna do it.
♪
- Hi. how was your trip?
- It was good. actually.
- Where's Anthony?
- He didn't tell you?
Tell me what?
Cynthia went into labour
yesterday afternoon.
- Oh. my God!
- I know!
You should have seen him.
He was so excited.
He forgot his phone.
He had to come back
running for it.
- It was very funny.
- Has she had the baby?
He's gonna call us
when he has more news.
Oh! That's so exciting!
Right? Oh. I forgot!
[grunting]
These came for you.
Wow.
- They're from Jamie.
- For real?
They're huge.
So that's still going strong.
Yeah. it is.
- [phone chiming]
- Cynthia had the baby!
- What?
- It's a boy!
Oh. my God!
Can you just picture a baby
Anthony running around?
We're gonna have
to get a little suit made
and turn him into
a junior sales associate.
Are they ready for visitors yet?
Anthony's gonna stop by
this afternoon.
- We can ask him then.
- Right.
- Okay.
- Go.
♪
- Congratulations!
- [laughing] Thank you.
How are they doing?
How's Cynthia?
Oh. they're great.
They're great.
- They're just resting.
- Can we see pictures?
Yes. yes.
This is Philip Prentice.
Oh. look at that.
He's adorable.
Look at those
little chubby cheeks.
- And that hair!
- Yeah.
He looks just like you.
I keep seeing Cynthia
in that smile.
Vicki: Yeah.
and your cute pudgy cheeks.
Shouldn't you be
getting back to them?
[laughing] Yeah. I left
my wallet in the break room.
Well. we could have
brought that to you.
You know. I think Cynthia
was lookin' for a reason
to get me out of the room.
I haven't let go
of her hand in six hours.
- She needed a break.
- [all laughing]
Well. now that
I have the two of you here.
there's something I'd like
to talk to you about.
That doesn't sound good.
I've decided to accept
the job with Shoreline Jewelers.
We kind of thought
you were going to.
But that's not all.
I'm gonna need
a new manager here.
Anthony?
You want me to manage
Tokens of Love?
Of course. Who else?
And I'm gonna be
busy in Chicago.
so we're gonna
need a new designer here.
Vicki. I looked
at your sketches.
They're amazing.
I think you're ready.
Are you serious?
Look. I know
it's gonna be a challenge.
but I think this could be
really good for all of us.
Well. uh.
I guess if you're leaving me
in charge it can't be so bad.
We're gonna
miss you around here. though.
I'm gonna be back so often
you're not even
gonna know I'm gone.
And. you really like my designs?
I do.
They're amazing.
Some of those I wish
I designed myself.
I can't believe this.
I'm gonna be a designer!
Wow. and. uh. well I guess
I'd like to hear it from you.
What does that make me?
I guess I am the boss?
- Sure.
- Wow.
- Yeah. that's good.
- [laughing] Now. go!
- Be with your family.
- Okay. okay. yes. yes.
[both laughing]
Jamie [on tablet]:
Hey. how'd you like the flowers?
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
Jamie: And everything go okay
breakin' the news to everybody?
Yeah. I think
with the baby being born.
and the idea of the new jobs.
everyone was just really happy.
Hey. say congrats
to Anthony for me.
- Kate: I will.
- So when you headin' out?
Kate: I'm not sure.
I'm gonna talk to Patricia
in a few minutes.
So. we'll see.
Maybe in a couple weeks?
It doesn't feel real yet.
I know.
I can't quite believe it.
Jamie: Have I told you yet
how happy I am?
Maybe once or twice.
But you can tell me again.
- I'm very. very happy.
- Kate: Me too.
[tablet ringing]
Oh. that's Patricia calling.
I gotta to go.
Okay. okay.
let me know how it goes.
- I will.
- Jamie: Talk soon.
Bye.
- Hello.
- Patricia: Hi. Kate.
I am so glad that
you're accepting the job.
Yeah!
I'm really excited.
Patricia: Us too.
You absolutely made
the right decision.
And we want you
to get started right away.
That sounds great.
What are the next steps?
Well. there's going to be
a lot of paperwork involved.
So I'm going to have someone
send that over to you right now.
I know we still need
to work out the terms
for buying Tokens of Love.
And we also need to get
a contract for you
to sign with us.
Wait. I'm sorry.
What do you mean
"buying Tokens of Love"?
I'm sorry.
I thought someone
talked to you about that.
No. they didn't.
This is the first
I'm hearing about this.
Corporate would like
to buy Tokens of Love
and turn it into
a Shoreline Jewelers branch.
- It's a fabulous location.
- No. I had no idea about this.
I thought Jamie was supposed
to talk to you about it.
Maybe we got our wires crossed.
I'm really sorry. Kate.
But you'd have to pass off
management anyway.
and you wouldn't be able
to have a stake
in two competing businesses.
What about my employees?
Well. they're welcome
to apply with us.
With their experience
and your recommendation.
I'm sure they'd
have a shot at getting hired.
[sighing]
Yeah. I don't...I don't know.
- [sighing]
- Well. Kate. I--
I'm sorry.
I-I don't think I can do this.
Kate. I admire what
a loyal employer you are.
but this is business.
Your employees
will get new jobs.
Do you really want to
throw away this opportunity?
What about what you want?
I'm sorry. Patricia.
I have to say "no."
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm sure.
Patricia: That's disappointing.
Let me know
if you change your mind.
I won't. but thank you.
Patricia: All right.
take good care of yourself.
[phone ringing]
Hey. How'd it go?
Kate: When were you
gonna tell me?
What?
When were you gonna tell me they
wanted to buy Tokens of Love?
After I signed the contract?
Kate. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Really?
Because I just
spoke to Patricia.
She told me you were the one
who was supposed to tell me.
Whoa. no. no. no!
Wait. she's wrong.
Kate: I know you were excited
for me to move to Chicago.
but if you think tricking me
into selling my business
was the way to go about it.
then you don't know me at all.
- So just... have a nice life.
- Kate. wait!
[phone clicking off]
[doorbell ringing]
[knocking]
What are you guys doing here?
We thought you might need
some reinforcements.
[phone ringing
and buzzing frenetically]
- [sighing]
- You're not gonna talk to him?
- He lied to me.
- Are you sure?
He was the one
who was supposed to tell me
about Tokens of Love.
He didn't.
I'm over him.
I'm with you.
Other fish in the sea.
Yeah. but you said
you loved him.
- Well. I was wrong.
- Tamara: Great attitude.
I got three guys I could
set you up with right now.
Kate isn't ready to date again.
- Maybe I am.
- No. there's no way.
At least give yourself time
to grieve the relationship.
I don't need to.
He lied to me.
It's over.
Well. maybe he did it because
he wanted to be with you.
Yeah. that doesn't make it okay.
No. of course not. but it shows
how much he cared about you.
- Did he though?
- Come on. Kate.
- You know he did.
- He didn't care about me.
He cared about his commission.
He was gonna let
my whole business go under.
What about Anthony and Vicki?
- Fair point.
- Thank you.
You know what you need?
For the last time.
I am not joining a dating app.
Actually. I was gonna say
you need to get out of town.
- Clear your head.
- That is a great idea.
I can't.
I'm not just gonna
go on vacation right now.
Oh. nothing too involved.
just a weekend.
It could be relaxing.
Why do I have
the feeling you guys
have already planned this out?
Just hear us out.
It's a good idea.
Look. Mom set me up for a couple
nights at this cute B and B
she wants me to check out
for the wedding.
I'm so swamped
with everything right now.
I don't think I could
relax even if I tried.
You think I could?
I think you need
to get out of this apartment.
Yes. just take the trip.
You'll feel better.
You have to take it
so you can tell me
if I should
get married there or not.
Don't think of it as a vacation.
I'm hiring you to do recon.
- You really don't wanna go?
- Positive.
Well. thank you.
Anytime.
You know that.
[sighing] I don't know what
I would do without you two.
Well. lucky for you.
you'll never have to find out.
[all chuckling]
And. we can revisit signing you
up for a dating app
when you get back.
No!
[Tamara laughing]
♪
- [phone buzzing]
- Hello?
Patricia: Kate.
I'm glad I caught you.
Patricia. I'm surprised
to hear from you.
I want to apologize
for the misunderstanding
and re-offer you the job
without buying Tokens of Love.
Really?
Patricia: It was
a mistake on my part.
I thought I had
e-mailed Jamie asking him
to give you a heads-up.
But of course I found it
in my drafts folder.
Kate. you did what you had to do
to protect your employees.
That's exactly the kind
of person we want here
at Shoreline Jewelers.
Can I have a few days
to think about it?
Patricia: You take
all the time you need.
Okay. Talk soon.
♪
Hi.
How can I help you?
Hi. I'm checking in.
The name is Kate Sterling.
Welcome.
We've got your room all set up.
Oh. great. thank you.
Oh. and your sister
arranged a special dinner
for you this evening.
Really?
It'll be out
on the patio at 7:00.
Okay.
♪
Thank you.
I should've known
Judy was up to something.
- Okay. can I explain?
- Jamie.
I had no idea
what they were planning.
I know.
I talked to Patricia.
She told me everything.
I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
Can I please sit down?
Because these plates
are really hot.
[laughing] Yeah. come.
Wow.
- So Patricia called you?
- Yeah.
She re-offered me the job
and told me that
I could keep Tokens of Love.
Well. that's great.
You said "yes." right?
No. I didn't.
Why?
I'm really glad that
you didn't lie to me.
but that job. it's not for me.
Yeah. but you were so excited.
It was such
a great opportunity.
I just...
I love my store.
It's what
I've always dreamed of.
And I'm not just
gonna give that up.
Even though I know
what that means for us.
What does that mean for us?
We live in different cities.
I really care about you. but.
I don't think I can do
the whole long distance thing.
About that.
- I'm a sellout. Kate.
- No. you're not.
Yeah. I am.
I mean.
I do all this fantasizing
about livin' the chef life.
but I do absolutely
nothing about it.
So what are you gonna do?
Well. I've already
done something.
- I quit my job.
- Are you serious?
- Yep. two days ago.
- I didn't ask you to do that.
I didn't do it for you.
But I did do it because of you.
I mean. you inspired me.
Look at you.
You worked so hard
to own your own business.
to pursue your dream.
and now it's my turn.
I've already started
scouting out locations
and I understand
if you don't want to give this
another shot. Kate.
But. if you do.
I'm gonna open in Minneapolis.
You're gonna open
a restaurant here?
Yeah. it's my hometown.
It's where I grew up.
And if you do wanna
give me a another chance.
I figure.
you don't have to come to me.
I'll come to you.
Okay. don't look so surprised.
I always said
that I needed something
that was worth it.
that was gonna
get me to pull the plug
and move onto the next step.
Well. it's you.
You're worth it. Kate.
I love you.
I have since eighth grade.
And I don't even care
if the business fails.
I... I'll move here for you.
♪
So wait.
You're really moving here?
Just one second.
I...
- Yeah.
- [both laughing]
I am. And. hey. I got a--
I had this idea.
If people propose
at my restaurant
using one of your rings.
I'll give 'em a discount.
So this is
a business transaction?
- It's a pitch.
- [both laughing]
Okay. it sounds good.
♪
- Oh. he's so cute!
- [all gasping]
- You look amazing!
- So do you.
- Another vintage buy?
- Oh. you know it.
I'm so glad you guys could all
be here to help support Jamie.
- Anthony: Hey. great place!
- Jamie: Well. hey. thanks.
Hey. you know. you were right.
The personal touch does
make all the difference.
Well. I'd expect nothin' less.
Hey. uh. okay. so...
This place has been a dream
of mine ever since I was a kid.
I can't believe
it's finally coming true.
So. I wanna thank you all
for coming. but most of all.
I wanna thank my wonderful
girlfriend. Kate.
Without her. none of this
would've happened.
Well. there's one thing
I wanna say before we eat.
[gasping]
Kate.
I have loved you since
I was 13 years old.
There's nobody I would rather
spend the rest of my life with.
Will you marry me?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
[laughing]
[all cheering]
♪